Refactor/DEV-13272: Image processing (#510)
thegetty/quire: packages/11ty/_plugins/figures/README.md

# IIIF Processing
Quire's IIIF processing provides methods to prepare images to IIIF 3.0 specification for use with [`canvas-panel`](https://iiif-canvas-panel.netlify.app/docs/components/cp) and [`image-service`](https://iiif-canvas-panel.netlify.app/docs/components/single-image-service) web components.

> Processing creates a `FigureFactory` instance and iterates over the figure entries in `figures.yaml` to creates a figure and call the `processFiles` method to generate image tiles, IIIF manifests, and perform image transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processing iterates over the data in `figures.yaml`, passing each figure entry to an instance of `FigureFactory` to create a `figure` on which a method can be called to generate image tiles, write IIIF manifest JSON files, and perform image transformations.
```
